Now let us try a different approach. The goal is still to produce a tool capable of handling the automated and scalable production and mantainance of technical documentation. The document is about systems used in a bank for market risk. The approach is conceptually the following: we have two fundamental nodes for the entire documentation, the system will be divided in small conceptual bits that will be translated in either one of them, so that by combining all this nodes in a modular way we can describe the whole system. Such nodes represent either a  data item ( that will represent a possible input or output of a process) or a process (or a model) that given an input it will produce an output. The rules are: every process node has inputs and outputs that must be a data node. We want to write the nodes singularly and the build a tool that, walking through each node starting from a root node, builds the documentation automatically following the instruction contained in each node, from inputs to outputs following the processes input/output rule. We define neighbouring nodes two nodes that are related by an input /output relationship, meaning one is the an input or output of the other. Each node is represent internally as a markdown file that contains some metadata at the beginning containing infos about the kind of the node, and then also some node kind specific infos. If the node is a data type then it should contain the model nodes of which it is an output or an input, and possibly (but this is to be implemented in a second stage if it is not easy) some rules for selecting what model has to be used to produce it when the documentation is built automatically.  Also there should be a way to include some informations contained in the neighbouring .MD files to link them in the reading of the docs, so that it is more clear. The document should be created as an html file readable by a web browser, put together with python code. Every page of the document should contain the content of a single .md file, plus the info that we will select automatically from neighbouring nodes.
Now ask me some question for what is not clear and let us work together on the architecture of this project.
